spire-controller-manager 0.4.0 support (#60)
spiffe/helm-charts-hardened: charts/spire/README.md

## Upgrade notes

### 0.15.X

The spire-crds chart has been updated. Please ensure you have upgraded spire-crds before upgrading the spire chart.

The chart now includes support for multiple parallel installs of the spire-controller-manager. To facilitate this change, all custom resources now take

> a className property. Out of the box the chart now uses and requires it to be set. If you have not loaded any yourself, the upgrade process will be transparent.

Reviewer: > If you have not loaded any yourself

What is `any` here?

> uses and requires it to be set

Assuming the className has to be set? Can't we make it such it has a default for the simple spire-system way of installing all in one namespace, so you only have to override for the advanced split namespace install?

> className

What does a className mean? A class of what? Looking at this as a complete newby to the feature so miss the context of the entire feature, its working and the lingo used.

Reviewer: Having reached the end of the entire PR I think instanceName would be much better naming as it is about the instance of a spire-server installation.

If you have loaded your own custom resources, set spire-server.controllerManager.watchClassless=true until you can update your custom resources to have the

> className for the instance specified.

Reviewer: I think we need to explain this new feature in the first paragraph so people can follow allong. I have difficulty following this entire section as I miss the context of the entire feature.

Author: An attempt at that was:
> The chart now includes support for multiple parallel installs of the spire-controller-manager.

Should we put more description then that int he upgrade notes, or a separate section? Was trying to keep the upgrade notes concise for those not interested in the feature.

## Upgrade notes

### 0.15.X

The spire-crds chart has been updated. Please ensure you have upgraded spire-crds before upgrading the spire chart.

> The chart now includes support for multiple parallel installs of the spire-controller-manager. To facilitate this change, all spire custom resources now take
> a className property. Out of the box the chart now uses and requires it to be set. If you have not loaded any spire custom resources yourself, the upgrade
> process will be transparent.
> 
> If you have loaded your own spire custom resources, set spire-server.controllerManager.watchClassless=true until you can update your spire custom resources to
> have the className for the instance specified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The chart now supports multiple parallel installs of spire-controller-manager. Each install will handle all custom resources with a matching `className` field.  By default this is set to `Release.Namespace-Release.Name` and the controller manager will only pick up custom resources with this className. 

If you have not loaded any SPIRE custom resources yourself, the upgrade process will be transparent. If you have loaded your own SPIRE custom resources, set `spire-server.controllerManager.watchClassless=true` until you can update your SPIRE custom resources to have the `className` for the instance specified.
```
